Distinguish between absent and empty authorizationGroupUuids (#4376)
NCI-Agency/anet: client/stories/0-general/authorizationForNotes.stories.mdx

Using this key, the type of assessment and its corresponding (optional) authorization groups can be
looked up in the dictionary, and checked against the note. We distinguish groups with read
permission and write permission (which includes create, update and delete, as well as read).

Note that there is a difference between this key being absent from the dictionary, and defining an

> empty list for this key. No key for read means anyone can read this information, and an empty list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
empty list for this key. No key for `read` means anyone can read this information, and an empty list
```

> (`read: []`) means nobody can read this information (except for those with write access). No key for
> write means anyone can write this information, and an empty list  (`write: []`) means nobody can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(`read: []`) means nobody can read this information (except for those with write access). 
The absense of the `write` key means anyone can write this information, and an empty list  (`write: []`) means nobody can
```
